In this application, we will have multiple pages and so far we have the user sign up page.
Now let's introduce client side routing in this application.
We could follow the TDD approach for this one as well.
But let's practice the angler routing first.
Angler has built in router functionality and we are going to use it.
So the first thing we need to do is we will be creating a module for the router.
Here in this terminal, I will be using the English CLI to create the router module and we run in g
and g for generate and we are going to generate the module and the module name will be app router.
English already has the router module.
So instead of just going like router.
I'm just adding EPP prefix to it so it can enter.
So this is creating a file under EBP router folder and the file is a browser module.
Yes.
Let's open that.
Here we have the F browser folder and we have the browser module.
But I'm going to rename this folder and I'm just going to change it to router.
So we have the router icon here.
So this app router module, we will configure the angular router.
We don't need this common module to be imported.
Here we are going to import England's router module.
It is coming from angular router and also we are not going to use the declarations here.
Now this router module is a configurable module and as a configuration we will pass the, the parts
and the relevant components.
So like we will be having the sign up component to be visible when the URL is sign up or we will be
having different components to be visible in the specific URL.
So we will have that configuration and we will configure this router module with it.
So first thing, we will have an object here and this is going to be, let's say, the roots and the
type of this roots is roots.
And this is coming again from the angular router.
Basically, this is an array.
And this area has.
Objects.
And these objects have the the properties like path.
And the first part is we will have sign up page and let's say the the path will be sign up.
And when the parties sign up we will display this component, sign up component.
So we have this route and we are going to pass this routes to this route or module.
And we do that by calling this route or modules for route function.
So this is basically configuring the router module with the routes we are providing.
So we are passing routes to this for route function.
And also we must be exporting exports.
The.
Router module so that when we import this router module, we will be able to access to the the components
coming with the router module.
Now we have the configuration for the router.
Now we are going to use this one.
And first we need to import this router module in the root module of our application, which is EBP
module right here.
So here in the imports list, we will also get the EP router module.
At the moment we only have one page which is sign up and let's create one more page so that we can go
from one page to another and see how the routing is working.
So again, going back to a terminal, clearing the console and this time I'm going to create a component
and g generate g component and the component name will be home.
This is for the home page.
And for this one, let's skip tests and also let's not generate the CSS file.
So we're going with dash, dash inline style.
So this is creating the home folder and the home component and also creating the home component years
and updating the module with the with this component declaration.
Let's go back to the project now.
We are going to update the router module.
So we have this configuration for the sign update.
And just like this one, we will have another one.
Let's just copy this thing and this is an array.
So having another object here and adding comma.
So the path for the home component will be the root path like this.
And the component we will display is this one home component.
At the moment, home component does not have to do anything.
So if you want the template here we see the home works thing.
We need to do one more thing here.
At the moment, if we refresh the browser, nothing is changing because in app component HTML we are
we are showing the signup component.
So the signup component is visible here.
But now instead of this specific component, we will display the components based on the the roots based
on the parts in the URL.
So to do that we will use the router outlet.
So.
This can be considered like a placeholder and whenever the routing is matching to specific pad, corresponding
component will be filled to this placeholder part.
So saving this one.
Now here we see we are in the route URL and it is displaying the home component.
But if I go to Ford's sign up here we see the sign up page is visible.
We can also configure the routing functionality to use hashes.
So like URLs will be having a hash here.
So like this, this is another way of handling the client side routing.
And to do that, we can do the configuration in the again router module.
So when we are configuring the router module, we are just passing the router at the moment.
But as a second parameter we can pass extra options and one of the options is use hash.
So if we set it to true and if we save it here, we see there is hash here and if we go sign up like
this, the sign up is visible, let's make it more visible.
So going to a full screen.
So here we have the homeworks and if we go to sign up here we see the sign up page.
So this is how we can configure the router module to have the hash.
But in the course I will continue with the with the non hashed version.
So saving like this.
And just reloading this.
And if I type sign up here we are seeing the sign up page.